daemon: Add tvm convertor (#666)
alibaba/pipcook: docs/manual/intro-to-pipeline.md

The trained model will generate an `output` directory under [`cwd(3)`](https://linux.die.net/man/3/cwd):

```
output
├─ logs
├─ nodejs

> ├─ package.json

Reviewer: To be removed :)

└─ wasm
```

> There are two entry-points here, one for nodejs powered by boa; another one is used for wasm (WebAssembly), a universial virtual machine, powered by TVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two entry-points here, one for Node.js powered by boa; another one is used for wasm (WebAssembly), a universial virtual machine, powered by TVM.
```
